小莉吾妻（续）2004年2月24日　　　　　　　　　　　　　　小莉吾妻（续）译者：wshdslong2004/02/24发表于：羔羊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　前几天，我在风月大陆看到一个帖子风月大陆求文区　　应他的要求开始翻译，想着挺简单，自己作才知道真困难。文章并不难，只是字打的太慢，现贴一部分，剩下的这几天抽空完成。　　我只贴在情海和羔羊上，请那位哥们替我贴到风月上，先谢谢了。＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　（一）　　我叫小莉，已经结婚而且有两个孩子，我非常努力地使自己已经３１岁的身体保持优雅的状态。我有一头只差８寸就齐腰的长长的金发，还有一双碧眼，我只有１０８磅，但在穿高跟鞋时有５英尺６英寸（１６８ｃｍ）。　　我丈夫吉米让我讲一讲我在拉斯维加斯度过的夜晚。他已经讲了我在酒店和四位黑人先生的遭遇。这之后发生了什么，是这篇文章的主题，所以，请系好安全带跟我来吧。　　在我冒险之前的一年里，我减掉了不少体重，但我不想说有多少。我也开始作一些练习使身体更有弹性。结果使我的三围变成了３５－２２－３５。杯罩的尺寸是ｄ，可是，我买的胸罩总有一点紧。　　自从和四位黑人先生的那次经历后，我非常兴奋而且希望有更多的这样的经历。我对自己做过的事有深深的负罪感，我告诉了吉米。他略微有一些震惊，但从脸上看并没有生气。我看到在他的裤裆上湿了一片而且他在这次小型聚会上也很享受。　　我非常爱我的丈夫，然而那天晚上的经历给我带来的新感受让我不能自己，我告诉吉米明天我将重新成为他忠实的妻子，但是在晚上，我将去猎取其他的男人。吉米盯着我直到我走出酒店什么也没说。　　我穿上超短裙和五英寸的高跟鞋，除了一个手提袋几乎什么都没穿。这种紧身的，挑逗的打扮是我从来没有尝试过的崭新的造型。我被朋友和同事认为非常有魅力的。经过了白天的事件，我正在学会享受我的性能力。迷你裙是白色的，而且材料轻且薄。　　我在酒店走廊的镜子前停了一下。我的乳晕通过薄薄的衣衫清晰可见，而且我高耸的乳房和衣服不停的轻微碰撞摩擦。　　我现在知道那些男人都为什么眼巴巴的看着我了。我用他们的眼光来找我的缺陷。我现在确定，大胸部和小蛮腰是最吸引男人的。我的衣服稍微有一些紧，使我的胸部看起来呼之欲出。我的骄傲的胸部不是与生俱来的，我确信由于喂养两个宝宝，使它们增加了尺寸。幸运的是它们并没有下垂的厉害，足够证明他们货真价实。　　我转身看我的背部，所有的锻炼都没有白费，我紧绷的臀部非常圆滑，你甚至可以透过我薄薄的衣衫看到我的股沟的轮廓。我的腿，象我身体的支架，古铜色的皮肤看上去刚刚好。虽然我有些矮，但高跟鞋和短衫使我的腿看上去修长。　　我再一次转身面对镜子整理头发，看到自己的一头金发很开心。由于我突出的乳房，使我黑色的阴毛在我的薄衫下看上去不那么明显。已经到了午夜时分，我向酒店大厅走去，去实践我想要的激情生活。我已经感觉到有男人需要，我想马上找到他。　　当我进入大厅后我注意到一个年轻的服务生站在服务台边上。我想我已经发现了我的第一个猎物。我慢慢走向这个２０岁左右的年轻人，他向我这边看了一下，马上转头盯着我。非常经典的时刻，鱼儿已经上钩了。　　当我靠近他时，他已经看直了。我把食指放到唇边，用舌头舔了一下。然后抚摸脖子并慢慢滑到乳沟。这是我的表现方式。看上去他的裤裆鼓鼓的，决不会错的。我注意到他胸前的卡片上的名字，然后用眼睛直勾勾的看着他，并嫣然一笑：“我是一个荡妇，凯文，但首先我希望你能找一个能让我尝试你裤裆里的大家伙的地方。”　　小家伙的脸一下变得通红，然后试探的问，“夫人，我没听错吧？”他盯着我正在轻轻抚摸乳沟的手指。　　“你听的没错，凯文。”我回应道。他终于下定决心，四顾无人后让我跟他去。　　他带着我穿过一道写着“职工专用”的门，走过一条长长的走廊来到尽头的办公室。由于已经很晚了，四周并没有人。他打开门进去，这间屋子看上去象职工休息室。房间里有一个沙发，自动售快餐机和一台电视。凯文关上门并插紧，然后询问：“这儿怎么样？”　　我没有回答。我走近他，双手搂住他的脖子，慢慢扬起头，让双唇紧紧贴着他的双唇。他本能的搂住我的腰，把我紧紧抱住。我的胸部紧紧贴住他发达的胸大肌。我的舌头慢慢游动到他嘴里和他的舌头搅在一起。他也同样把舌头伸到我嘴里品尝着我的香舌。　　当我们终于结束长吻，他眼里的欲望已经和我一样了。我把他推向沙发，他扑通一下坐在沙发上。我决定按次序开始这场表演。我把双手放到裙边，并慢慢的抬起，滑过我身体的两侧。我托起我的胸部，使乳沟看上去更深了，乳房被衣服挤的更紧了。　　我慢慢走向凯文坐的沙发，我站在他面前，脚分开有两脚宽。我弯下腰去，让他首次触摸了我垂下的胸部。我伸手找到他的皮带扣并打开它，然后解开他的裤子并拉下拉链。他裤裆的凸起充分展示了出来。我摸到他的内裤，终于把已经迅速变长变硬的巨大的阴茎拉了出来。当抚摸了这长着许多阴毛的巨茎一两分钟后，我确信这将是一次地狱之行，凯文的阴茎足有９英寸长，周长也有９英寸。　　我跪下来，靠近这个大家伙。然后迫不及待的用嘴含住它，我想把它斜过来塞进嘴里。当我控制着龟头进入之后，发现它太大了，以至于想完全进入非常困难。　　我轻轻的舔着龟头，不停的用舌头刺激着他的尿道口。当我的舌头在他的敏感带反复掠过时，他禁不住颤抖起来。我正在继续时，他一把把我肩膀上的衣带扯断，我的胸部完全暴露出来。他疯狂的挤揉我的乳头，使我的阴部涌出一阵快感。　　我也努力增加对凯文阴茎的刺激，终于让他巨大的阴茎滑进我的喉咙。我开始用力加速，使他的龟头在我喉咙里进出。有时候，我会把他的阴茎完全吞入，让我的嘴和喉咙有充实的感觉，直到我必须呼吸才拔出来。　　凯文对我的乳头的反复刺激使我的阴部早已湿透，我知道我必须要凯文的大阴茎插进来了。　　我站起来爬到凯文身上，我把他的头放到我的乳房之间，我的腿跨在他的腿上。我的短裙已经从腿上被拉到腰部，我湿透的阴部正在他的腿上，并且不停地滴着淫水，散发出可爱的气味。我用阴部在他的大阴茎上摩擦了几下，使它也沾满淫液充分润滑。凯文的大阴茎也在分泌着自己的液体，我用手指沾了一点尝了尝，好甜。　　我再也站不住了，我抬起屁股让他的阴茎插进我的小穴，慢慢的坐下去。凯文的阴茎把我的小穴撑开到了极限，幸亏刚才的润滑。当我让他全部插入后再慢慢抬起来，然后我开始加速坐下，我找到了一种愉快的节奏。凯文正在尽情玩弄着我的乳房，他在我每一寸肌肤上舔着，当他同时把我的两个乳头挤在一起吸吮时，我快要疯掉了，我能感到阴部一阵阵的麻痒。　　干了一分钟，我达到了第一次高潮，它来得很慢，象潮水一样涌上来，终于当剧烈的快感在全身涌动时，我突然失去知觉，不知有多长时间。我象是到了天堂，随着高潮逐渐退去，我再次回到人间，这才发现尽管我已经停止的动作，可凯文仍然在干着我。　　我对于凯文的能力感到很吃惊，我抓起他的阴茎替他口交，十分钟后我们又干了十分钟。我问：“凯文，你还没到么？”　　他回应说：“当然，我在体上位时会快些。”　　于是我们交换了位置，当我躺到沙发上时，他站起来脱掉外衣，露出令人羡慕的身材。然后他在我脚边跪下，面对我可爱的阴部，咕咕哝哝的称赞了一番。　　他把阴茎放到我的小穴前面，看到这么大的家伙要插进去，真让我兴奋。他用龟头分开我的阴唇，一下子插到底。然后开始粗暴的抽插，我的乳房随着他的每一次动作前后跳动，我能感到他的睾丸不停的敲打着我的屁眼。我禁不住大声呻吟起来，冲着他叫：“凯文，我要你最后射进我嘴里面！”　　他惊奇的看着我：“哦，我从没干过你这种女人。”　　我舔着他的耳朵，柔柔的对他说：“我喜欢这样。”这一切很明显，我的淫荡让他来到了发射的边缘。　　凯文噗的一下把阴茎拔出来，从我身上爬上来，把阴茎塞进我嘴里。他开始射的时候，我尽量张开嘴，没有让精液漏出一点。当温暖的略有一点甜的精液充满我的口腔时我一口气咽了下去。终于激烈的喷射慢慢停止了，我庆幸自己还存着满口的精液没有咽，让我能慢慢品尝一下。我张开嘴，让凯文看到我满嘴的精液，这种感觉太美妙了。我用舌头搅动精液，然后咽下最后一口。　　很明显我给凯文留下了极为深刻的印象，他说：“你真是一个梦中情人，漂亮、性感而且十分淫荡。”　　我微笑着用嘴替他把阴茎清理干净，看着他把衣服一件件穿起来，我也把挤到腰上的衣服弄直。　　凯文开始打电话替我叫的士，他转头问我：“今晚你去哪儿？”　　我说：“去找所有能找到的男人干我。”　　凯文对我的回答感到十分惊奇。他说：“我希望你能和我回家，咱们继续好么？”　　我微笑着说：“亲爱的凯文，你真是迷人，但今晚我想要不同的感觉。”　　凯文陪我回到大厅，并送我出门到的士上。我给他了一个长长的吻别，凯文告诉我要当心一点，我谢了之后上了车。我马上注意到司机，另一个让人渴望的大家伙。让我高兴的是，司机是一个大概４５岁左右的强壮结实的黑人，我希望他够屌。＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　第一次写，希望各位给些意见和建议，非常感谢。原文：My name is Sherry. I am married and have two children. I work hard to keep my 31 year old body in good shape. I have long blond hair that stops about eight inches above my waist. My eyes are blue, I weigh 108 pounds and stand about 5'6" tall in high heels. My husband Jim asked me to tell the story of my night on the townin Las Vegas. He has already told the story of my encounter with the four black gentlemen at our hotel. What happened after that adventure, is the subject of this writing. So, buckle your seat belts and here goes. During the year prior to my adventure, I lost a considerable amount of weight. I won't say how much, though. I also started on an exercise program to tighten up my body. The result is a shapely figure measuring 35-22-35. My cup size is "D", however, the off-the-rack bras I buy always seem a little tight. After my experience with the black gentlemen, I was very excited and wanted more. I felt guilty about what I had done and I told Jim. He seemed a little stunned and dazed, however I could see no anger in his face. I did see a stain on his pants around the crotch and figured that he had enjoyed our little party. I love my husband very much, however, the new feelings I had experienced that night pushed me on. I told Jim that tomorrow I would be his faithful wife again, but that while it was dark, I would be looking for other men. Jim just stared and said nothing as I walked out the door of our hotel room. I was wearing a short mini dress and a pair of five inch spiked heels, nothing else except a small handbag. This tight, revealing dress was brand new and I had never really dressed in a sexy way before. I am considered rather straight laced by my friends and coworkers-workers. After the day's events, however, I was learning to enjoy my sexuality. The mini dress was white and was made of thin material. I paused at a mirror in the hotel hallway to take stock. The dark circles of my nipples were visible through the thin dress and the tips of my nipples were raising little bumps in the material. I can now see why men look my way. I use to think they were looking for a flaw in the way I looked. I realize now that large breasts on a relatively small frame are very attractive to men. The tightness of my dress held my breasts together producing a substantial cleavage. I wasn't always so blessed with large breasts. I believe that my increased size is due to breast feeding my two children. Fortunately, my breasts don't sag to much, just enough to prove that they are real. I turned to looked at my back side. All the workouts had paid off. My tight rounded butt was smooth and you could see the outline of my crack through my thin dress. My legs, like the rest of my body, were tanned just right and although I am short, the high heels and short skirt make my legs look long. I faced the mirror once more to check my hair and make-up. I was glad that my natural hair color was blond. Dark hair between my legs would be noticeable through the thin fabric of my dress if my nipples were any clue. It was about midnight as I headed for the hotel lobby, practicing my sexy walk as I went. I was feeling the need for a man and I hoped that I would find one soon. As I entered the lobby I noticed a young bellhop standing at the information desk. I had found my first victim. I slowly walked toward the twentyish young man. He looked briefly in my direction, looked away then jerked his head back in my direction. It was a classic double-take and I had hooked my first fish. He straightened up as I approached him. I put an index finger to my lips and touched my tongue briefly. I then touched my throat and slowly moved my finger down my cleavage. It was my way of displaying my wares. The lump in his pants was unmistakable. I noticed his name-tag, then looked him straight in the eye and smiled seductively. I said, "I would like a cab, Kevin, but first I would like you to show me to a private place where I can sample that monster growing in your pants." The young fellow blushed slightly, then, as if to make certain, asked, "Did I hear you correctly, Ma'am?" His eyes were glued to my finger, which was lightly stroking the deep crevice between my breasts. I replied, "You heard correctly, Kevin." His shyness gave way to determination. He looked around the lobby then motioned for me to follow him. He lead me through a door marked "Employees Only" and down a long hall with offices on either side. No one was around due to the late hour. He opened a door into a room that looked like the employee lounge. The room contained a sofa, snack machines and a TV. Kevin closed the door and turned the dead-bolt. He inquired, "How's this?" I didn't answer with words. I moved closer to him, putting my arms around his neck. I tilted my head back slightly as I pulled his lips to mine. He instinctively put his hands around my waist and pulled me into him. My breasts mashed into his muscular chest. I slowly snaked my tongue into his mouth and touched his tongue. He responded by moving his tongue into my mouth, tasting my tongue. We finally broke the kiss. The lust in his eyes equaled mine. I pushed him away from me toward the couch. His momentum caused him to plop down on the couch. I decided a show was in order. I put my hands on each leg at the hem of my skirt. Slowly I slide my hands along my body and up my side. I cupped my breasts and hefted them, causing the cleavage to become deeper. I pinched each nipple through my dress. I slowly walked to the couch where Kevin was siting. I stood in front of him for a moment with my feet about two feet apart. I bent over, giving him a first hand view of my hanging breasts. I reached for his belt buckle and undid the buckle. I unbuttoned his pants and pulled his zipper down. His bulge had grown substantially. I fished around in his underwear and finally pulled out fat cock that was rapidly getting longer and harder. After stroking the hairy rod for a minute or two, I realized that this was going to be one hell of a ride. Kevin's cock was about 9 inches long and about 9 inches around. I knelt down to get a closer look at this stud. I couldn't wait to get my mouth around that beast. I leaned over and took it into my mouth. I managed to get the head into my mouth, but going further was going to be difficult. I licked the head, sticking my tongue into his pee hole. He shivered when my tongue brushed his sensitive area. While I continued working on him, he took the straps of my dress off my shoulders and released my breasts. He kneaded and pinched my tits causing a sensation to build in my pussy. I increased my efforts on Kevin's cock, finally managing to slide that fat horse cock into my throat. I began rapid up and down motions forcing the head of his cock in and out of my throat. Occasionally, I would swallow the entire cock and just linger there, experiencing the feeling of having my mouth and throat fully packed with meat. I would withdraw when it was time for a breath. Kevin's tit massage had made my pussy a wet mess. I decided I needed Kevin's monster in my cunt. I stood up, then crawled on top of Kevin. I grabbed his head and placed it between my tits. My legs were straddling Kevin's legs and my skirt slid up my legs to my waist. My wet pussy was drooling onto Kevin's leg. I rubbed my pussy against his cock, transferring some of the juice to lubricate it. Kevin was producing lube of his own at the tip of his cock. I put my finger to the tip and withdrew a sample to taste. It tasted sweet. I couldn't stand it any longer. I raised up enough to allow his cock to align with my hole. Slowly, I sat down on his pole. Kevin's thickness was stretching my pussy to its limit. Thank goodness for lubrication. When I reached bottom I slowly moved up. Then I moved down again increasing speed. We established a good rhythm. Kevin was having a ball with my tits. He licked every square inch. My favorite was when he pushed the nipples together and sucked both at the same time. I could feel the tingle shoot to my pussy. After a few minutes of fucking, I had my first orgasm. It built slowly, increasing and increasing the sensation. Finally, I froze as the intense pleasure flowed over me. I never know how long I cum. I feel like I go somewhere wonderful when I cum, only to return to earth as the sensations lessen. I then realize where I am. Kevin continued pistoning me even though I stopped moving. I was amazed at Kevin's staying power. I sucked him for about ten minutes and we fucked for about ten more. I asked, "Kevin, do you ever cum?". He replied, "Oh sure. I usually cum when I'm on top." I got off and invited Kevin to switch places. He got up and removed his clothes while I lay down on the couch and admired his body. He knelt at my feet and stopped to admire my pussy, mumbling something about a thing of beauty. I watched as he positioned his cock in front of my pussy. It excited me to know that his huge monster would be filling then pounding my hole. He pushed the head of his cock through the lips of my pussy, then drove it home. He began pounding me roughly. My tits were bouncing back and forth with each slap of his body. I could feel his balls banging my asshole. In between my moans, I managed to say, "Kevin, I want you to cum in my mouth." He looked at me with surprise and admiration and said, "Wow. I didn't thick women liked that sort of thing." I mouthed to him in a whisper, "I love it." That was all it took. Evidently my nasty manner put him over the edge. Kevin pulled out with a plop and scrambled around me to offer his cock to my mouth. He managed to do this without spilling a drop of the pent up cum. I opened my mouth as he let the flow begin. The warm spurts of sweet cum filled my mouth as fast as I could swallow. Finally, the spurts slowed to a dribble. I was glad that I could fill my mouth without swallowing so that I could saver the taste. It was wonderful. I opened my full mouth to show Kevin. I twirled my tongue around in the pool of cum. Finally, I swallowed the last mouthful. Kevin was clearly impressed. He said, "You are a dream come true. You are beautiful, sexy and best of all, thoroughly nasty." I smiled then licked his cock clean. Kevin gathered his clothes and began dressing as I watched. I straightened my dress which had gathered at my waist, as Kevin went to the phone and ordered my taxi. He asked, "Where are you going tonight?" I replied, "To find and fuck as many men as I can find." Kevin looked surprised at my answer. He said, "I was hoping you would come home with me to continue what we started." I smiled and said, "That's sweet Kevin and very tempting, but I want variety tonight." Kevin walked me back to the lobby and out the door to my waiting cab. I gave him a deep kiss and we said goodbye. Kevin also warned me to be careful. I thanked him and got into the cab. I looked at the driver, immediately, anxious for another monster cock. To my delight the driver was a very husky black man about 45 years old. I hoped he would be well hung. 第一次写，希望各位给些意见和建议，非常感谢。[ Last edited by cqsyl on 2004-2-24 at 09:19 AM ]【02-25】《小莉吾妻（续）》（二）【02-25】《小莉吾妻（续）》（二）中文翻译：wshdslong2004年2月25日发表于羔羊　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　（二）＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　首先非常感谢各位鼓励和支持，特别是ｃｑｓｙｌ，他的排版非常精彩。　　前几天我在风月无法注册，请ｃｑｓｙｌ替我转贴，再次谢谢他。　　这是文章的第二部分，还剩最后一段，我会尽快完成。　　文章发表在情海，羔羊和风月上，希望大家喜欢。　　真诚的希望各位给些意见和建议，非常感谢。＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　司机询问我：“去哪儿，女士？”突然他转头看着后视镜，因为镜子里正在上映着车后座上精彩的演出。　　他的眼睛死死盯着我两腿中间，我故意张开腿坐着，从膝盖到阴部轻轻地抚摸着。我注意到挡风玻璃上贴的执照，然后轻轻喘着气说：“厄尔，你看上去是一个有经验的司机。”　　我用两只手分开我的阴唇，接着说：“你愿意来试试这里么？”　　厄尔兴奋的说：“当然，夫人。让我找个地方停下来。”　　厄尔离开大路，在街上急匆匆地行驶。他绕过酒店进入地下车库。厄尔发现有许多泊车位后面都有几个垃圾堆，他熄火后跳出车去。厄尔看了看四周无人，便打开后座门，我正呻吟着用渴望的眼神看着他。　　“来吧，宝贝。”他来到我身边用粗壮的手臂搂住我的肩膀。　　厄尔是一个高大的男人，他的滚圆的肚皮被皮带紧紧勒着。　　他问我：“夫人，为什么像你这样优雅高贵的白人会愿意和我这种黑鬼一起做呢？”　　我斜着身子靠着他，用乳房不停的顶着摩擦着他的健壮的胸大肌，然后回应道：“这很简单，嗯，你是一个非常英俊的男人，而且在你的两腿间有着非常可信的凸起。我就喜欢巨大的黑屌。”　　他咧开大嘴笑了，接着说：“１１英寸长呢，甜心，喜欢么？”我舔着自己的嘴唇，从喉咙里发出更大声的呻吟。　　我对的士有这么大的后座感到很高兴，我知道由于厄尔巨大的身躯不允许他在车里有大动作，也许我要全部自己来。我调皮的用指甲刮着他的后背，厄尔隔着衣服握住我的乳房轻轻摩挲着。他触摸着我乳房上的每一寸肌肤，使性感一阵阵的传到我的阴部。我解开厄尔衬衫上头三个纽扣，用指甲不停的抚摸着他长满毛的胸部和滚圆的大肚皮。　　由于厄尔的阴茎在裤子里涨的厉害，他忍不住呻吟起来。我故意把手伸到厄尔裤子的凸起处，隔着布料抚摸着。它不停的在涨大而且在顶端已经湿了一片。　　厄尔明显开始激动起来，随着我对他的阴茎继续抚摸，湿的地方不断扩大。我弯腰靠过去想离近一些看看，但忍不住对着湿处舔了起来。我体验到一种疯狂的感觉，我受不了了。我松开厄尔的皮带，解开裤子扣，拉开裤子拉链，摸到了他的拳击短裤和一条巨大的肉棒。我想把短裤扯掉，使了半天劲才把它弄下来。呀，我从来没见过这么巨大的阴茎。　　看到我脸上充满了敬畏的神情，厄尔笑了，得意洋洋的的冲我说：“这是一个大肉棒，是不是宝贝？”　　我回过神来，嘶哑着说：“妙极了，厄尔，我想让它进入我的身体里。”　　我用忧郁的眼神望着他，急切的恳求他用他完美的阴茎来上我。　　他张开大手揪住我的脖子，轻轻把我的头按到他的阴茎上。我含住巨大的龟头，又一次尝到厄尔狂野的味道，这个大屌把我的嘴撑到了极限。　　当龟头已经触到我的喉咙时，我仅仅才吞下５英寸长。但我知道我能全部吞下，因为之前我已经做到了，尽管现在这只屌更大一些。　　我把厄尔的阴茎从嘴里拔出来，接着稍微靠近我一些。当他一就位，我就在他对面跪下来，这使我和厄尔的阴茎形成极佳的角度。我重新把他的阴茎含到嘴里，这次可不止５英寸，由于最后数英寸的插入，我的喉咙被挤开了一段空间。这回当我看到厄尔的脸上时，轮到他充满敬畏了。很明显，他从来没有见过１１英寸的大屌被一个女人的喉咙吞没。　　在我慢慢把脸抬起来之前，我的鼻子一时间被厄尔的浓密的阴毛淹没了。厄尔用钦佩的语气说：“宝贝，我真的被打动了。从没有人能把厄尔引以为傲的大屌吞下去，哪怕是几英寸。”在赞美声中，我感觉轻飘飘的。　　厄尔的话让我确信我为他做的口交将是他永生难忘的。　　我又一次把这大家伙狠狠捅了进去。我上下动作起来，刚开始很慢，逐渐加快速度。厄尔也开始更频繁地大声呻吟起来，我知道他的精液不会永远待在龟头里不出来。　　终于，厄尔败下阵来，我觉得一波波滚烫的精液冲击着我的舌头，对我来说他射的太快了。我想尽量把喷出的精液都收起来，可四五次射出就把我用来接精液而捧着的手填满了。我先把嘴里剩下的咽了，然后把手里的精液聚在一起。厄尔看着我说道：“宝贝，你看上去象我养的猫正在喝牛奶。不过你的口交真棒，亲爱的！”　　我把它们都吃下去之后，问道：“这只大屌还能硬起来干我么？”　　厄尔又咧开大嘴笑了，然后竖起中指对我说：“你怎么想，宝贝。”　　我伸出手想测一下它的硬度。我的天呀，那家伙依然象铁锤一样坚硬。我没有浪费时间，顺着厄尔的大腿爬起来。顺手把衣服拉起来露出乳房并靠在厄尔的头上，然后掀起短裙让我下身的小穴暴露出来。　　厄尔开始为我的乳头做舌浴，我也伸手抓起厄尔的阴茎对准我的阴部。　　我没有考虑润滑它，因为我的唾液在厄尔的阴茎上闪闪发亮并且我的阴部已经被一股股的淫水湿透了。我在厄尔的阴茎上用力坐下去，使厄尔大声呻吟。　　当我在他的阴茎上上下动作时，厄尔依然坐着，用手抓着我的乳房并不停的吸吮着乳头直到它们充血发红。我呜咽着呻吟着并伴随着一声声尖叫，终于到了第一次高潮。我停下来喘了一会儿气，可厄尔仍然在玩弄着我的乳头。　　我看着厄尔的眼睛问他：“亲爱的，你想干我的屁眼儿么？”　　他抬头盯着我，不再折磨我的乳头。我用眼睛挑逗着他，嘴里反复恳求。厄尔终于说道：“当然，宝贝。如果你觉得我的大屌和你那儿合适的话。”我讨好地微笑着并给他了一个长吻。　　我抬起屁股从厄尔的阴茎上离开，然后翻了一个身。我坐到厄尔的大肚子上把脚蹬在前座的靠背上，厄尔张开两只大手抓住我的乳房并轻轻揉着。我从我的阴道里掏出一些淫液抹在我的屁眼里，然后看了看厄尔的阴茎，发现上面沾满了从我的阴道里淌出的淫液。于是，我很容易的把厄尔的阴茎插进我的屁眼里，并且一插到底。　　随着我上下动起来，我的末梢神经受到了强烈的刺激，禁不住又大声呻吟。厄尔的阴茎在我屁眼里的剧烈撞击把我带上了第二次高潮。厄尔的呼吸变得又粗又重，他嘴里叫着：“宝贝，你的肉洞真的很紧，让我好爽。”　　一阵阵快感让我全身痉挛，等高潮逐渐退却，我冲他喊道：“你快射的时候告诉我。”　　又经过三四次猛烈的冲击，厄尔大声吼道：“快到了！”　　我马上跳起来，转过身，及时地跪下来。这时厄尔的第一次喷出射到了我脸上。我迅速含住他的阴茎，以便接到厄尔射出的精液。对于厄尔阴茎上的那种让人狂热的味道和我的后庭里的那股霉味的混合滋味让我感到兴奋。我把射到脸颊上的精液都收起来放到舌头上舔着。　　厄尔看着我说道：“宝贝，你真是一个下流的小东西，是么？”　　我淫荡地笑了笑，回应道：“只要为了精液，我什么都愿意做。”　　我把厄尔的阴茎舔干净，然后把它塞回他的裤子里，然后整理了一下我的裙子。厄尔很有兴致的把我的乳房挤作一团，并告诉我：“那是一对伟大的乳房，宝贝。而你是我干过的最棒的一个骚货。我不记得我曾经干过同一个女人身上的三个洞。宝贝，你真是一个尤物！”　　我的脸一下子羞红了，微笑着对他说：“厄尔，你确实是一个玩弄女人的老手。”　　厄尔坐回前座，接着问我：“宝贝，你还没告诉我你要去哪儿。”　　我说：“我想去‘狂喜’俱乐部。”　　厄尔叫道：“我知道了，你是一位舞女。”　　“我不是。”我回答道。　　“那么，你应该去参加他们每周五晚上组织的业余舞蹈比赛。”　　当我听到厄尔关于舞蹈比赛的建议，我告诉自己：“为什么不去试试呢？”于是，我对厄尔说：“这是个好主意。”　　他笑着对我说：“宝贝，冠军对你来说唾手可得。”　　厄尔开车穿过了三个街区，俱乐部到了。趁着开车的时候，我补了妆，并重新整理了头发。厄尔停下车，下来为我打开车门。　　我下车后问他：“厄尔，车费是多少？”　　他回答：“宝贝，我该付你钱。我们互不亏欠好了。”　　我用胳膊搂住他的大肚皮，乳房紧贴在他的胸膛上，深情地吻着他。　　我们的舌头搅在一起，他紧紧抓着我的屁股让我压在他的阴茎上。最后，我们依依不舍的分开了，我对他说：“谢谢你，厄尔。你带给了我美妙的时刻。”　　他说：“我们都很快活。”我挥挥手向他告别，然后走进了俱乐部。原文：The driver inquired, "Where to lady?" He looked into the rearview mirror then quickly cranked his head around to see if the image in the mirror actually represented what was in his back seat. His eyes zeroed in on the space between my legs. I had purposely opened my legs once seated. I stroked my leg from my knee to my pussy. I noticed the operator's license on the visor and said in a breathy voice, "You look like an experienced driver Earl." I pried my pussy lips apart with both hands and added, "Would you have something to drive into this?" Earl excitedly answered, "I sure would, Ma'am. Just let me find a place to park this heap." Earl pulled the cab out of the driveway and onto to street in a hurry. He circled the hotel and entered the underground garage. Earl found the most isolated parking spot behind several trash dumpsters. He shut off the car and got out. Earl looked to see if anybody was around, then opened to door to the back seat. I looked at him with yearning eyes and moaned, "Come here, baby." He slid in beside me, his big arm finding it's way around my shoulder. Earl was a large man. His stomach was very rounded and hung over his belt. He asked, "Ma'am, why would a beautiful white women like yourself, want to have anything to do with and old black fart like me?" I leaned in close to him, rubbing and mashing my tits into his chest and replied, "That's easy, Hun, you're a very handsome man with a very promising bulge between your legs. I just love big black cocks." He grinned and said, "How does 11 inches sound, sweet-thing?" I licked my lips and groaned deeply within my throat. I was glad that the cab had such a large back seat. I knew that Earl's bulk would not allow him to move around easily and that I would probably have to do all the work. I playfully scratched his back with my fingernails. Earl reached over and lightly rubbed my nipples through my dress. His touch stimulated the tips to full size and sent a sexual impulse to my pussy. I unbuttoned the top three buttons of Earl's shirt, rubbed his hairy chest and stroked his big belly with my fingernails. Earl moaned deeply as his cock struggled to get free from his trousers. I teasingly moved my hand down to the bulge in Earl's pants and stroked it through the material. It grew in size and a wet spot appeared at the peak of the bulge. Earl was obviously hot for some action. The spot spread as I stroked his cock. I leaned down to get a closer look and couldn't resist licking the spot. The taste had a hint of nuttiness and I just had to have more. I loosened Earl's belt, unsnapped and unzipped his pants. I reached into his boxers and found a massive staff. I wrestled with it for a moment and finally pulled it out. It was the thickest cock I had ever seen. Earl smiled when he saw my face overcome by awe. He boasted, "Its a good size hunk of meat, isn't it baby?" I returned to my senses and croaked, "Its beautiful, Earl. I want it to fill my body." I looked into Earl's eyes with my baby blues, urging and pleading with him to use his beautiful cock on me. Earl put his big hand on my neck and gently pushed my head to his cock. I took the big head into my mouth and again tasted Earl's nutty flavor. This monster stretched my mouth to its limits. I swallowed five inches before the head touched the back of my throat. I knew I could take him whole because I had done it before. This cock, however, was fatter. I pulled Earl's meat out of my mouth and asked him to turn slightly toward me. Once Earl was positioned, I moved to my knees in front of him. This gave me a better angle at Earl's cock. I again took his meat into mouth, however, this time I didn't stop at five inches. My throat stretched to capacity as the final few inches slid by. It was Earl's turn to be awed as I looked into his face. He had obviously never seen a woman with 11 inches of cock buried in her throat. My nose became acquainted with Earl's pubic hair for a moment, before I slowly extracted the log from my face. Earl said with admiration, "I am truly impressed, baby. Nobody has ever taken more than a few inches of Earl's wonder." My eyes lit up with the compliment. Earl's words motivated me to give him a blow job he would never forget. I impaled myself again on this monster. First slowly, then faster, I bobbed up and down. Earl began to moan louder and more frequently and I knew his pent up cum would not stay in his balls forever. Finally, Earl lurched and I felt the warm flow of fluid over my tongue. The spurts came too fast for me. I took as much as possible then let the remaining four or five cum strings fill up my cupped hands. I swallowed what was in my mouth, then started lapping the pool of sperm in my hands. Earl observed, "Baby, you look like my cat drinking its milk. That was a mighty fine blow job, baby." I finished my meal then asked, "Will this monster stay hard enough for my pussy?" Earl grinned and gestured, "What do you think, baby?" I tested its rigidity and it was still hard as a hammer. I wasted no time in crawling into Earl's lap. I pulled my dress down over my tits and placed Earl's head between them. I raised my skirt to allow access to my lower orifices. Earl began the process of giving my tits a tongue bath. I reached down and aligned Earl's cock with my pussy. There was no concern about lubrication because I had just spit-shined Earl's cock and my pussy was a dripping mess. I sat down firmly on Earl's rod, forcing a deep moan from Earl. Earl sat still while I bounced up and down on his cock. He kept himself busy pawing my tits and sucking my nipples red. My whimpers and moans built into shrieks as an orgasm passed over me. I stopped the pumping and rested a moment while Earl continued working on my tits. I looked into Earl's eyes and asked, "Lover, would you mind fucking my asshole?" He stopped his licking and stared at me. I pleaded with mouth and eyes. Earl finally said, "Sure baby, if you think my meat will fit in there." I smiled eagerly then kissed him deeply. I extracted myself from Earl's cock and turned around. I laid myself on Earl's big belly and placed my feet on the back of the front seat. Earl placed his huge hands on my tits and massaged them. I lubricated my asshole and Earl's cock with the ample juice that drooled out of my cunt. I eased Earl's monster into my asshole until I ran out of cock. Up and down I rode building the sensations and moans. The pounding of Earl's cock in my asshole brought on a second orgasm. Earl's breathing increased and he said, "Baby, that tight hole of yours is gonna make me blow." When my spasms of pleasure subsided, I requested, "Let me know when you're ready to cum." Three or four strokes later Earl bellowed, "Its time." I jumped off Earl, turned around and knelt down just in time for Earl's first squirt to hit me in the face. I covered his cock with my mouth and received Earl's remaining ejaculations. I enjoyed the combination of Earl's nutty taste and the musty taste of my backdoor. I scooped up the cum on my cheek and placed it on my tongue so that Earl could see. He said, "Baby, you are a nasty little thing aren't you?" I smiled sexily and replied, "Anything for cum." I cleaned up Earl's cock, tucked it back in his pants and then straightened my dress. Earl gave my tits a playful squeeze and commented, "Those are a great pair of tits, baby. And, you're one of the best pieces of ass I have ever had. I can't remember when I've had a lady in all three holes. You're beautiful, baby!" I smiled, blushed and said, "Earl, you sure know how to fulfill a lady." Earl got back in the front seat and asked, "Baby, you never told me where you're going." I said, "I want to go to the club 'Ecstasy'." Earl piped up, "I should have known. You're a dancer." "No," I replied. "Then, you're going for the amateur dance contest they have every Friday night." When I heard Earl talk about a dancing contest, I said to myself, "Why Not?" To Earl I said, "That's right." He smiled and said, "You'll win hands down, baby." Earl drove three blocks to the club while I freshened my makeup and fixed my hair. Earl pulled up, got out and opened the door for me. I got out and asked, "How much, Earl?" He replied, "I should pay you, baby. Lets call it even." I put my arms around his big belly, mashed my tits into his chest and kiss him deeply. We swapped tongues as he pawed my ass and I gave his cock a squeeze. Finally, we broke apart and I said, "Thanks, Earl, for a wonderful time." He said, "The pleasure was all mine." I waved goodbye as I walked toward the club entrance.[ Last edited by cqsyl on 2004-2-25 at 02:51 PM ]【02-29】《小莉吾妻（续）》（三）【02-29】《小莉吾妻（续）》（三）中文翻译：wshdslong2004年2月29日发表于羔羊　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　（三）＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　终于完成了，这是文章的最后一部分，再次感谢大家的鼓励和支持。　　文章发表在情海，羔羊和风月上，希望大家喜欢。　　真诚的希望各位给些意见和建议，非常感谢。＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊　　现在的时间已经是零点三刻了，我开门进去一直走到一个小柜台前，柜台后面有一位妖艳的红发女郎。　　我对她说：“我想参加你们这里的业余舞蹈比赛。”　　她说：“１１点就开始了，现在也许已经结束了。让我问一下。”　　她拿起电话，拨了一个内线号码。她向另一个人询问比赛是否结束。她点了点头，放下话筒对我说：“恐怕现在他们正在颁奖呢。”我皱起眉头，她看我很失望，接着说：“太可惜了，我打赌如果你参加一定会赢的。”　　“谢谢，”我说，“下次再说吧。”　　今天晚上我已经受到了太多的赞扬，看起来我的新形象已经被接受。我从来没有想过自己是迷人和性感的，但这儿所有的人似乎都确信这一点。这让我觉得挺得意。尽管如此，我还是对错过在那些男人面前展示舞蹈的机会感到很失望。我真的很渴望通过这种良好的情绪来感觉其他人。我走出俱乐部，做什么好呢？这样的夜晚仍然有年轻人，而我想要更多的男人。我会让他们和我一样快乐。　　拉斯维加斯闪耀的霓虹灯让我兴奋，我顺着人行道向前走。正走着，眼前的事把我逗乐了。当我走过两个男孩的身边，他俩忽然停下来盯着我看。　　我从他们身边走过去之后，回头想确认一下他们是否还在看我。我一看，他们正在眼睁睁地看着我的臀部，我笑了。如果我在拉斯维加斯都找不到性爱那我去哪儿找呢。　　正想着，我突然注意到一个“成人录像厅”的招牌，好奇心让我推门而入。我穿过一条走廊，右边有许多标号的房间，它们之间用一块带格子的木板隔开。从格子中看过去，我注意到一排用皮革和花边做成的性感的服装。我在离开这里之前牢牢记住了出去的路。　　右边的门大部分都关着，门里传出阵阵淫声浪语。我从一个门缝里望进去，看到一个加厚的沙发和一台大屏幕电视。我猜这里可能是让顾客单独看成人录像的地方。走　　过了八间这样的房间，来到了一个大厅，大厅中间有一间卖成人录像和杂志的商店，并且里面还有个大柜台。我向柜台看了一眼，这里的东西吓了我一跳。我看到一大堆做成男人阴茎形状的振荡器，其中有一个特别巨大，看起来比干过我的任何阴茎都要大。　　柜台上的说明介绍在这里你能买、租或者看任何录像。我把注意力转到架子上一排排录像上，并花了一些时间浏览它们。它们大部分只是娱乐性质的。我注意到柜台上另外的标记：“在这里购买”。　　我想知道如何购买，于是，我走近柜台，向站在柜台后面的一个男人问道：“我怎样才能看到它们？”　　那个男人扭头看着我，我敢断定他被眼前所看到的辣妹惊呆了。他结结巴巴的说：“嗯，看，是的……女士，嗯，要到录像厅里去看。”他指着一个被帘子紧紧遮住的录像厅门口。　　“多少钱呢？”我问道。　　他看到我问的天真，就笑了，并放松了一些说道：“你想在录像厅待多长时间呢？”我耸耸肩膀不置可否，他接着说：“开始要五美元，如果你想继续看还要出来交钱。”我掏出五美元交给他，他给了我一把青铜色的硬币，看上去大概有２５美分硬币大小。　　我穿过商店来到录像厅门口，我注意到一双眼睛在跟着我，这让我浑身上下都觉得很刺激。我知道我在离开这里之前他们的阴茎几乎不会停止干我了。　　我掀起门帘走进去，发现这里黑的让我辨不清方向。我停了一会儿让我的眼睛能适应这里。当我终于能看到的时候，我发现在我面前不到五英尺的地方有一个男人正看着我。他看上去挺帅，而且和我满配的。真令人兴奋，我想让他为我展示一下他短裤里的凸起，但在公开场所这样做需要一定的技巧。　　我四处看了看发现了一个电子公告牌，上面特别标明了录像厅正在上映的节目。我终于知道这里只不过是另一处看成人节目的地方。我走到大厅尽头，看到一些带电视屏幕的小放映间，里面还放着长椅。我走进一间，看到了投币孔和一个没有说明的按钮。我不知道怎么用，于是走出去想问一下柜台上那个男人。　　我一扭头，一下和一个男人撞了个满怀。我抬头一看，正是我刚才在入口见到的那个帅哥。他问我：“我有幸能为您服务么？”他脸上的笑容让我很放心。　　我问道：“我怎么才能让这些东西工作呢？”他做手势请我先进去，然后跟进来。在他向我解释了一些简单的程序的时候，我上下打量他。他很高而且肌肉发达，他的头发漆黑，皮肤黑黝黝的。我忽然发现他是印地安人。　　狭小的放映间让我们站的很近。他身上的男人味让我开始疯狂。我的阴部又开始潮湿了。他自我介绍说他叫肯，并问我：“你叫什么？”　　我告诉他我的名字并说：“我投几个硬币再按这个按钮就可以换片了么。”　　他说：“对，就是这样。”　　当我投进第一把硬币时，他后退了几步。他用胳膊搂住我的乳房，猛烈地刺激我的乳头和阴部。我抓住他的胳膊对他说：“你想要的话能稍微等一下么。”　　他笑着说：“小莉，你太迷人了。和你在一起，我可控制不了自己。”　　我笑了，用最具诱惑的眼神看着他。我知道该做什么了，我对他说：“这正是我想要的。”　　肯把门关上，插上插销然后紧紧抱住我。他贪婪地吻着我，让我完全忘记了耳边正在播放的性爱录像，直到我们结束。　　我回过头看到一个男人正在从后面干着一个女人的小穴。我扭头冲着肯说：“我要你也像他干她那样干我。”肯迅速拉开牛仔裤的拉链，露出完美的坚硬的八英寸长的阴茎。他掀起我的短裙，在我已经湿漉漉的小穴上用龟头来回摩擦。等龟头充分湿润后，他一挺腰就插进我的骚穴里。当我看到屏幕上的女人象我一样被干时，我高兴的呻吟起来。　　肯是一个很有技巧的情人。他知道如何使用他的工具把我推到一个美妙的高潮。他看上去没有疲劳的迹象。忽然，我听到隔壁的放映间有一阵噪音。　　我向隔墙看去，一条非常长的阴茎从墙上的洞口穿过来。这下把我吓坏了，我回头看着肯，他也正在注意着隔墙。他说：“我想他听到了你的呻吟声，想让你为他口交吧。”我弯下腰，用手抓住那条阴茎并开始抚摸它。它开始分泌出体液，我真想尝尝。我含住这条阴茎尽情地品尝这野性的欲望。　　没有多长时间，这个男人就射了。当我把它深入到我的喉咙里时，我尝到了他美味的精液。令我失望的是，我还没来得及为他清理干净，他就把阴茎收回去了。不过，让我高兴的是，又有一根坚挺的阴茎从洞口伸过来。我同样又舔又吸的让他到了爽到顶点。　　我的表现让肯极度兴奋。他狂暴地抽插起来，让我尖叫着达到了高潮。他看上去也快要到了。我转过身告诉他，我要尝尝他的精液。他点点头，把阴茎从我光滑的小穴里拔出来。我坐到长椅上，抓过他正在颤动的阴茎含到嘴里，不停的吸吮，直到嘴里充满他的最奇妙的、最美味的精液。我可从来没有这样服侍过我丈夫。　　“肯，你精液的味道真是非常非常棒。”我笑着对他说。　　他说：“看到你有机会品尝真让我高兴。”　　我又笑了，说道：“我还想要。”　　他一把把我拉起来，搂进怀里，说道：“没问题。”　　我注意到又有一根阴茎从墙上的洞口伸过来。我冲着肯说：“我想要这家伙来干我的小穴。”肯笑着让我背对着墙，然后调整这根阴茎让它插进我湿淋淋的小穴里。不同的阴茎充满我的身体让我浑身颤抖，我保持自己的屁股对准墙上的洞口，好让我不知名的情人抽插着我。当他干着我的时候，我又开始吸吮肯的漂亮的阴茎。　　通过墙上的洞口被干让我感到自己非常淫荡，并迅速把我送上另一次高潮。不久，那根阴茎也开始发射，并且把精液深深地射进我的小穴里。我听到墙那边有一个声音说：“不要动。”于是，我待在那儿，并期待发生什么。　　这根阴茎从我的小穴里滑出去，第二根接着穿过洞口又试探着准备插进我的小穴里。我对它如何插进我的小穴非常好奇，我想转身看看。但我很喜欢这种感觉，不想打扰这个工具继续为我工作。　　慢慢的这根阴茎滑进我的小穴，充满了我的阴道。它真大呀。幸运的是，这之前所有干过我的阴茎都像是为这个大家伙做准备活动。当它深深插进我的小穴时，我就立刻感到了另一次高潮。这家伙的周长令人难以置信，它仅仅做了三次完美的抽插，我就咬住嘴唇一声惨叫并达到高潮。我的好奇心让我得到了最完美的体验。　　我从墙边离开转身看到了这根令人惊异的阴茎。令我震惊的是，我转过身后它仍然待在我的小穴中。我突然认出来这根阴茎居然是我在大厅陈列室看到的那根阴茎形状的振荡器。墙那边有个声音说：“继续让这玩意干你呀。我本来是给我女朋友买的，要不是你让我干的很开心我还舍不得让你用呢。”我把这根阴茎从我的小穴里拔出去，并谢了这家伙。　　肯好像热切的需要再干我一次，而且建议我们租一间单独的录像厅。我同意了并询问我是否能再邀请几个家伙一起玩。他和蔼的说：“谁能拒绝一位迷人的女士呢？”　　肯和我离开放映间，回到大厅的商店里。几个男人正在选购杂志和录像带。当我经过时，他们开始冲我上下指点。我确定那支最大的阴茎形状的振荡器被拿走了。当我看到这些可以利用的男人时，一个念头从我脑袋里冒出来。　　肯走向柜台租了一间私人录像厅。他付了租金而我挑了一部很容易能带给我幻想的标准长度的影片。服务员给了肯一把钥匙并把电影放到录像机里，他告诉我们按门里的按钮就可以播放。肯告诉我我们的房间号码是五号，我告诉他我要再待一两分钟。肯朝着房间走去。　　我挺胸大步来到一个黑人面前，在他耳边轻轻说道：“如果你想看到我裙下的春光就到五号房间来。”然后我又在一个白人和亚洲人耳边说了同样的话。我在这里又溜达了一圈，直到所有的男人找到五号房间的路，我才进入房间并开始播放影片。　　很自然，这是一部描写群交的影片。肯和那个名叫乔的黑人在沙发上坐着。我让他们站起来，自己沿着沙发长边躺下。我开始用一些性感的姿势挑逗他们，然后慢慢把衣服脱下来。三个新客人看到我衣服下面什么也没穿都兴高采烈。　　在他们注视我的时候，我开始把手指塞进我的阴道里。我让他们把他们的阴茎掏出来在我面前展示一下。我随后知道那个白人名叫蒂姆而那个亚洲小伙名字叫菲尔。我选他俩是因为在路上这两个家伙就不怀好意的盯着我。我猜他们看到我来“成人录像厅”里，就随后进来想发现什么。今夜对他们来说是幸运的。　　我继续抚摸着自己的阴蒂，并让我的朋友们也揉着他们的阴茎。我先看着蒂姆，他的阴茎看上去大概有七英寸长，片刻就开始变硬。他用右手紧握住他半硬的阳具。他往外一拉把龟头收进包皮里，然后向回一拉，龟头从低垂的阴茎里冒出来并慢慢变大。就这样几个来回，他的阴茎不再下垂，昂头立起来，现在看上去十英寸都不止。　　我接着看乔，注意到他的阴茎形状象一个啤酒罐。它非常粗，虽然仅有七英寸长但粗糙异常。让我大为惊异的是他的包皮裹住龟头，只有向下拨开，才能完全把龟头暴露出来。我在看肯之前他正在反复上下搓着他的阴茎。肯的阴茎已经和我是老朋友了，我早就忍不住想再尝尝他美味的精液了。肯的阴茎没有乔的粗大，但比蒂姆的粗一些。　　最后，我看到菲尔。我被他手里的巨大的又粗又长的阴茎震惊了。它很可能有一英尺长，和他矮小的个子形成鲜明的对比。菲尔看上去非常兴奋，他的龟头分泌的体液，不停地滴在地板上。我第一感觉就是他禁不住要射了。我让他给我尝尝，他马上来到我身边。我象婴儿一样轻轻舔着他的阳具。他异常激动以至于几秒钟内就全部射进我嘴里。　　一眼看过去，四条大阴茎。一条黄色的，一条红色的，一条黑的和白色的，看上去象一条彩虹，而且它们今晚都是我的。　　我们没有浪费时间，马上开始性交。乔坐到沙发上，我跨骑着他，把他粗大的阴茎插进我的小穴。肯想干我的屁眼，我舔了舔他的阴茎，使它润滑一些，接着他慢慢把他漂亮的阴茎推入我的后门。　　我也开始吸吮蒂姆长长的阴茎，而菲尔的肉棒看上去变得又软又小。他们也努力刺激着我。我和电视屏幕上的女人一起大声呻吟着，而且迅速连续达到了两次高潮。　　蒂姆首先射了。他把强烈辛辣的精液射满了我嘴里。菲尔立刻跳到蒂姆的位置上，菲尔的阴茎又变成非常可爱的样子不停的分泌出体液。我抓过来细细地舔着。　　几分钟之后，肯开始大声吼叫，在他疯狂抽插我屁股时，还用力捏着我的乳头，他越捏越紧。随着他最后一次冲刺，他八英寸长的大阴茎完全塞进我的屁眼里，并开始把他的精液射进去。当他拔出来时，菲尔问我他能不能替肯的位置。我很不情愿地放开他的大阴茎并让它对准我的屁眼。　　菲尔用他巨大的迷人的阴茎插进并充满我的体内。乔依然在我的小穴里抽插着。菲尔和乔开始有节奏的在我体内进进出出。菲尔插进去，乔拔出来，频繁的摩擦让我疯狂起来。我的乳头要不是被乔用嘴死死咬住，肯定会乱跳起来。　　他们越来越快地干了起来。我又被他们送上了一次极度的高潮。我之前从来过这种感觉，即使早些时候在酒店里和四位黑人男士也无法和这次相提并论。我的呻吟声已经接近尖叫了。　　菲尔和乔几乎同时达到了高潮，就像商量好了一样，他们两个把阴茎完全插进我体内，并把精液全射进我身体里。他们颤抖的身体让我到了崩溃的边缘。一次绝顶高潮冲击着我，我眼前开始闪着金星而后又一片漆黑。　　我转醒过来从沙发上坐起来，肯在我身边坐着。乔和菲尔已经离开了。“我昏过去多长时间。”我问道。　　“大概二十分钟吧。”肯回应道。　　我非常感谢肯在这儿陪着我，他问道：“你想离开这里去咖啡馆么？”我接受了他的建议，并问他是否愿意为我在商店里挑一套情色服装。他说：“听上去主意不错。”　　我最后选了两件，一件镶着花边的性感连衫衬裤，还有一件皮乳罩，带一块遮羞布（兜裆布，系在腰带上的由一条窄布带构成的遮羞布，一种类似脱衣舞服装的服装，常带有装饰，尤指由脱衣舞女郎穿戴）。　　肯和我来到咖啡馆，然后一起去他的公寓。他问是否还能与我再见面，但我解释说我着美满的婚姻。他对一位已婚女人四处求奸很惊奇。我不再和他约会也让他很失望，但他仍然感谢我给了他一个有趣的早晨。肯在又一次喂我精液前再次干了我的小穴和屁眼。他把电话号码留给了我，我告诉他明年我可能会试着找他。　　肯陪我回到酒店，然后我和他吻别。我在太阳就要升起的时候溜回到我们的房间。我淋浴之后穿上买来的镶着花边的连衫衬裤。在我偷偷溜上床躺到吉米身边时，他还在睡着。我已经非常累了，但我知道我不得不和这个我唯一爱着的男人做爱。　　我轻轻地吻着吉米的嘴唇并抚摸着他英俊的脸庞。他的微笑让我知道他已经醒了。我们长时间地热吻在一起。终于，他说话了：“这是不是意味着你又想回到婚姻中来了。”　　一听到这话，我的一串串泪珠夺眶而出，我嘶哑着说：“是……的，我非常爱你，吉米。我知道昨天夜里我对你非常不好。我非常抱歉，我也对自己有了更多的认识。我希望你能原谅我。”　　吉米从床上坐起来，开始不停顿地叨念着。最后，他哽咽着说道：“我想，昨晚我把你给弄丢了。你对所有的男人充满热情，但不包括我。但无论如何我也不认为我能和你分手。”　　我也坐起来张开双臂搂住他。我吻着他的肩膀并对他说：“吉米，真对不起。我了解你现在的想法。昨晚我只考虑到了性，这一次我体验到了所有以前没有的经历。我发现在这世界上我爱性交胜过一切，但唯有你例外。你是我的也是唯一的爱。我可以和其他男人性交，但我只和你做爱。”　　吉米转过身热情地吻着我。他的舌头寻找到我的舌头并和它一起跳舞。我伸手摸到我丈夫奇妙的阴茎而且发现它已经慢慢变大成我熟悉的美妙的七英寸长。吉米开始透过我镶着花边的连衫衬裤按摩我的乳头。我们结束了亲吻，我颤抖着说：“和我做爱吧，我要你狠狠戳进来。我要你一整天都插在里面。我不想从你身边离开。”我们再次抱在一起，亲热地接吻和抚摸着对方。　　我把自己连衫裤的裆部解开，吉米马上从后面把他的阴茎塞进我的小穴。过去了一个小时，我们还在一起慢慢地动作。用很小的力气，我们只是躺在一起享受他的阴茎插进我身体里的感觉。　　我告诉我丈夫我想尝尝他的精液。他感到很惊讶，对我说：“我以为你只为其他的男人做这些事呢。”　　我又一次认识到，我真的让吉米伤心了。“宝贝，现在我想尝到你更多的精液。我很抱歉这不是我的第一次。我又顽固又愚蠢。从现在开始我对你的爱没有禁地。”　　吉米开始用力干着我，没有一会儿，我知道吉米要在我嘴里来一次长时间发射了。现在我只祈求他能再忍一会儿。　　“我要射了。”他大声说。我赶紧从他身上离开，把他的阴茎连根含到我嘴里。正在此时，他把他所有的精液灌进我嘴里。我明白我现在是世界上最幸运的女子，因为我最爱的丈夫的精液是我品尝过最美味的。　　我继续吸吮我丈夫的阴茎，直到它又一次变得坚硬起来。他问我在哪里买的连衫衬裤。我说：“我当然可以告诉你，但我要你的阴茎再插进我的小穴里。”　　我翻过身背朝下躺着，吉米用传教士方式（应该是男上女下体位）干着我。我们再次慢慢做爱，我也把我晚上的故事告诉他。当我讲完故事，我们也进入梦乡，而吉米的阴茎还待在我的小穴里。　　我一觉睡到中午才醒，当我丈夫的阴茎在我的小穴里进进出出时，那感觉太美妙了。看到我已经醒了，吉米吻着我。从他眼睛里流露出热烈兴奋的性欲。他开始连续剧烈冲撞着我。这不再是做爱了。这简直是一种原始的交配，感觉真的很棒。吉米把我带到了一次奇妙的高潮，并且高潮不断地涌来。他像是着魔了。　　我终于看出来他是想为我展示一下我在前一天晚上想要得到的美好和猛烈的性爱，他也完全能做到。而且，他的确做到了。三次高潮后，他把阴茎拔出来，冲着我的脸上、乳房上慷慨地喷射着他吸引人的精液。然后，他筋疲力尽地倒在我身上，汗珠一滴滴流下来。这样的性爱我喜欢。　　我们花了整天的时间做爱和性交。我们甚至都没有起床进食。对此，我们深有感触。最终决定我们每天都至少要做一次爱，即使我们不在一起也要各自找一个性伴侣来性交。自从那天到现在，一直都这样。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　【完】原文：It was about a quarter to one when I walked through the door and up to the small counter with a sexy redhead behind it. I said, "I'm here for the amateur dance contest." She said, "It started at eleven and it may be over already. Let me check." She picked up the phone and pressed the intercom button. She asked the person on the other end if the contest was over. She nodded, put the phone down and said, "I'm afraid they just announced the winner." My frown showed the girl how disappointed I was. She added, "Too bad, I bet you would have won." "Thanks," I said, "maybe next time." With all the compliments being paid to me tonight, it was beginning to sink in how hot my new body and wardrobe were. I had never thought of myself as being beautiful and sexy, but all these people evidently thought so. It made me feel great. Even so, I was disappointed that I had missed my chance to dance in front of all those men. I was eager to pass some of the good feelings I was feeling to others. I walked out of the club wondering what to do. The night was still young and I wanted more men. I wanted to make them as happy as I was. The bright lights of Las Vegas excited me as I walked along the sidewalk. I was amused at the looks I got as I walked. Two young men in particular just stopped and stared at me as I walked by. After I passed them, I turned to see if they were still looking. I smiled when I saw that their eyes were glued to my bottom. If I couldn't find sex in Vegas then I wouldn't find it anywhere. Before the thought had left my brain, I noticed a sign that said, "Adult Video Arcade". My curiosity pulled me through the entrance. I walked down a hallway with numbered rooms on the right side and a lattice work divider on the other. Through the lattice I noticed an array of sexy clothing made out of leather and lace. I made a mental note to check that out before I left. Most of the doors on the right were closed. The sounds of sexual activity could be heard through the closed doors. I peered through one door slightly ajar and saw an overstuffed sofa and a large screen TV. I assumed this was a place one could watch adult videos in private. After passing eight private rooms, the hall opened up into a large store with several racks of videos and magazines and a large counter. I glanced at the display case under the counter and marveled at the items there. I saw a number of vibrators some in the shape of a man's cock. One in particular was huge. It was easily larger than any of the cocks I had fucked. The signs above the counter indicated that you could buy, rent or view any video in the place. I turned my attention to the racks of videos and spent some time browsing. A number of them looked like they would be fun to watch. I noticed another sign above the counter that said, "Buy your tokens here." I wondered what the tokens were for. I approached a man behind the counter and asked, "What do I need tokens for." The man turned to look at me and I could tell that he was surprised to see a hot looking woman. He stuttered, "Ahh, tokens, yes... ma'am, ahh, tokens are for the arcade." He gestured to a doorway with a curtain covering it. "How many do I need," I asked? He smiled at my naivet?and said a little smoother, "How long do you want to stay in the arcade?" I shrugged my shoulders and he said, "Start with five dollars worth and come back if you want more." I handed him five dollars and he gave me a hand full of bronze colored coins about the size of a quarter. I walked across the store to the arcade room noticing the eyes follow my body. It gave me a tingle all over. I wondered if I might end up with a few of their cocks inside me before I left this place. I walked through the curtains and found myself disoriented with the lack of light. I paused for a moment to let my eyes adjust. When I could finally see, I noticed a man looking at me no more than five feet from where I stood. He looked very handsome standing there taking in my body. It made me excited. I would have asked him to show me the bulge in his pants but this was still technically a public place. I looked around and notice a bulletin board with the features that they were playing in the arcade. It finally dawned on me that the arcade was just another way of watching adult movies. I walked down the hall and noticed several small booths with a TV screen and a bench in them. I stepped into the booth and noticed the coin slot and an unlabeled button. I wasn't sure how to run the thing so I turned to go and ask the man behind the counter. I immediately bumped into the man I saw at the entrance to the arcade. He asked, "May I be of service?" The smile on his face put me at ease. I asked, "How do you work these things?" He gestured me into the booth and followed. I looked at him as he explained the simple procedure to me. He was tall and very muscular. His hair was black and his skin was dark. I suddenly realized that he was Native American. The relatively cramped booth caused us to stand very close together. His male scent was beginning to drive me crazy. My pussy had already started to moisten. He introduced himself as Ken and asked, "What's your name?" I told him my name and said, "I put in a few coins and punch the button to change videos." He said, "That's all there is to it." He began to back away as I put the first few coins in. His arms brushed my breasts and an impulse shot from my nipples to my pussy. I grabbed his arm and said, "You can stay if you want." He smiled and said, "Sherry, you're a very beautiful woman and if I stay in here with you I won't be able to control myself." I smiled with the most seductive look that I knew how to make and said, "That's what I was hoping for." Ken shut the door, bolted the latch and took me into his arms. He devoured me with a kiss. I had completely forgotten the sex video playing in my ears until we finally broke the kiss. I turned to see a man fucking a woman's pussy from behind. I turned to Ken and said, "Do me like he's doing her." Quickly, Ken unzipped his jeans and pulled out a nice and hard eight inch cock. He pulled my skirt up and rubbed the head of his cock against my moist hole. Once the head was lubricated enough he pushed the head into my cunt. I moaned in delight as I watched the woman on the screen being fucked just like I was. Ken was a skilled lover. He knew how to use his tool to push me through a wonderful orgasm. He showed no signs of tiring. Suddenly I heard a noise coming from the booth next door. I looked at the common wall and was shocked to see a rather long cock sticking through a hole in the wall. I looked back at Ken and saw that he had noticed as well. He said, "I'm sure he heard your moans and wants a blow job." I leaned down and took the cock in my hands and began to stroke it. It began to drool pre-cum and I wanted a taste. I took the cock into my mouth and began to savor the taste of the sweaty flesh. It didn't take long for the man to blow. I tasted his yummy sperm as it slid down my throat. To my disappointment the man pulled his cock away before I could clean him up. To my delight another hard cock appeared through the hole. I sucked him to a gooey climax as well. Ken was overwhelmed with my show. His furious pumping produced another squealing orgasm in me. He was showing signs of his own climax. I turned and asked him to let me taste his cum. He nodded and pulled out of my slick hole. I sat on the bench and took his shaking cock into my mouth and sucked until he filled my mouth with the most wonderful tasting cum that I had ever tasted. Of course, to this point I had only tasted nine men and I was still waiting to taste my husband. "Ken, your cum taste soooo good," I said. Grinning, he said, "I'm pleased that you got the chance to taste it." I grinned back and said, "I want more." He pulled me up and into his arms and said, "That can be arranged." I noticed another cock sticking through the hole in the wall. I looked at Ken and said, "I want this one in my pussy." Ken smiled as I backed up against the wall and guided the cock into my wet cunt. I shook as yet another cock filled me up. I just kept my bottom against the hole and let my anonymous lover pump into me. While he fucked me I sucked Ken's beautiful cock again. The lewdness of getting fucked through the hole was enough to send me into another orgasm. Shortly afterward the cock began to expand and I received a nice load of sperm deep in my pussy. I heard a voice from behind the wall say, "Don't move." I stood still wondering what to expect. The cock in my cunt slipped out. Seconds later something probed my pussy through the hole. I was very curious about what was trying to enter my pussy. I wanted to turn around and look but I liked the feeling and didn't want to disturb the tool working on me. Slowly the cock slipped into my cum filled pussy. It was very thick. Fortunately, all the previous cocks I fucked prepared me for this monster. As it made its way deep into my hole I felt another climax building. The girth of this guy was incredible. It took only three good pumps and I climaxed with a muffled scream. My curiosity got the best of me. I pulled away from the wall to see this amazing cock. I was shocked when the cock stayed in my pussy as I turned. It was then that I realized that the cock was one of the fake cocks I had seen in the display case. The voice on the other side of the wall said, "Go ahead and keep the toy. I bought it for my girl friend but I want you to have it for the great fuck you gave me. I thanked the fellow while I pulled the cock from my pussy and inspected it. Ken seemed hot for another fuck and suggested that we rent one of the viewing rooms. I agreed but asked if I could invite a few more guys to play with. He graciously said, "Anything for a beautiful lady." Ken and I left the booth and walked out into the store. There were several men checking out the magazines and tapes. As I walked by, they started checking out me. I'm sure I did look a little odd carrying a large cock shaped vibrator. As I looked at the men available to me an idea popped into my head. Ken walked up to the counter and asked to rent a private viewing room. He paid the deposit and I selected a full length movie that had caught my fancy earlier. The attendant gave Ken a key and then loaded up the movie into a VCR. He told us to press the button inside the door to start the movie. Ken told me we were in room five. I told him that I'd be there in a minute or two. Ken headed for the room. I strutted up to a black man and whispered in his ear, "If you want to see what I have on under this dress go to room five." I whispered the same thing to two other men one white and one Asian. I was about to go around the world. I waited for all the men to find their way to room five. I made my entrance and started the movie. It was a gang bang movie, naturally. Ken and the black man whose name was Joe were sitting on the sofa. I ask them to stand as I lay down on the sofa length wise. I teased them with a few sexy poses then slowly removed my dress. The three newcomers were delighted to see that I had nothing on underneath my dress. I began to finger my cunt as they watched. I asked them to take their cocks out and show them to me. I learned that the white man's name was Tim and the Asian fellow went by Phil. I chose these two men because they were the two fellows that had stared at me on the street. I guess they watched me enter the arcade and thought they would find out why. It was their lucky night. I continued to stroke my clit and asked that my friends stroke their cocks. I looked at Tim first. His cock appeared to be about seven inches long and was growing hard by the second. He used his right hand to grip his semi-hard tool. Slowly he pulled out on his cock causing the head to disappear into his fist. When he pulled in, the cock head poked back out then drooped with it's increasing weight. After several strokes, the cock head no longer drooped and the length now appeared to be 10 inches. I looked at Joe next and noticed he had a cock shaped like a beer can. It was very thick and only about seven inches long and uncut. I marveled at how his foreskin closed over the head of his cock and then pulled back to expose the head. I watched him pull on his meat for a few strokes before looking at Ken. I was already intimate with his cock and couldn't wait to savor his delicious cum again. Ken's cock wasn't as fat as Joe's but was thicker than Tim's. Finally, I looked at Phil. I was shocked to see the huge fleshy cock in his hand. It must have been a foot long. It was quite a contrast to his small stature. Phil was so excited that his cock was drooling pre-cum all over the floor. At first I thought that he had cum but he was just leaking a lot. I asked him to give me a taste. He was quickly by my side. I licked his tool like it was a sucker. He was so excited that he shot off in my mouth after only a few seconds. These four were quite a sight. One cock was yellow, one was red, one was black and one was white. It was a rainbow of cocks and they were all for me. We wasted no time in getting down to sex. Joe sat on the sofa and I straddled him, wedging his thick cock into my pussy. Ken wanted to try my ass. I gave his cock a few licks for lubrication and he slowly pushed his beautiful cock into my backdoor. I began to suck on Tim's long and skinny pole while Phil looked on. They worked me plenty hard. I was moaning with the woman on the TV screen. I had two orgasms in quick succession. Tim was the first to cum. He filled my mouth with his thick tart cum. Phil jumped in to replace Tim. Phil's cock was drooling again. I lapped it up. After a few more minutes, Ken started moaning loudly. He had been kneading my tits while plowing my ass. Now his grip had tightened. With one last thrust he buried his eight inches into my ass and flooded me with his load. When he pulled out, Phil asked if he could take Ken's place. I reluctantly released his huge cock and gestured toward my ass. Phil mounted me and filled me with that large beautiful cock. Joe was still plowing away at my cunt. Phil and Joe began to work me using an in and out rhythm. Phil pushed in while Joe pulled out. It was driving me crazy. My tits were bouncing around wildly when they weren't being tugged at by Joe's mouth. They began to pump me faster. I could tell that a huge orgasm was building. I had never felt like this before, even with the four black gentlemen in our hotel room earlier. My moans approached screams. Joe and Phil were nearing orgasm as well. As if on cue, they both buried their cocks in me and pumped me full of their cum. Their shuddering bodies put me over the edge. A white hot orgasm crashed through me and then there was darkness. I woke up lying on the sofa with Ken sitting next to me. Joe and Phil had left. "How long was I out," I asked? "About twenty minutes," was Ken's reply. I thanked Ken for staying with me. He asked, "Would you like to get out of here and go get coffee?" I accepted his offer but asked if he would help me pick out a sexy outfit from the selection in the store. He said, "Sounds like a plan." I ended up buying two items, a sexy lace teddy and a leather bra and g-string set. Ken and I went for coffee and then to his apartment. He asked if he could see me again but I explained that I was happily married. He was surprised that a married woman would be fucking around. He was also disappointed that I would not be available for another date but thanked me for the interesting morning. Ken fucked my pussy and ass before feeding me another load of his yummy cum. He gave me his phone number and I told him that I would try to come back next year. Ken dropped me at my hotel and I kissed him goodbye. I slipped into our room just as the sun was coming up. I showered and put on the lacy teddy. Jim was still asleep as I slipped into bed next to him. I was very tired but I knew that I had to make love to the only man I love. I gently kissed Jim on the lips and caressed his face. His smile let me know that he was awake. We kissed tenderly for a long time. Finally he said, "Does this mean that you still want to be married?" Tears welled up in my eyes as I croaked, "Yesss, I love you so much Jim. I know I haven't been very good to you since last night. I'm very sorry but I've learned some new things about myself. I hope you can forgive me." Jim sat up in the bed and started to say something but stopped. Finally, choked up, he said, "I thought I had lost you last night. You were so hot for any man except me. I figured that I just didn't cut it with you any more." I sat up and put my arms around him. I kissed his shoulder and said, "Jim, I'm very sorry. I realize now what I put you through. Last night all I could think about was sex. All I wanted to do was experience what I had been missing all this time. I found that I love sex more than anything in the world except you. You are my one and only love. I may fuck other men but I will only make love to you." Jim turned and kissed me passionately. His tongue found mine and they danced together. I reached for my wonderful husband's cock and found it growing to its nice familiar seven inches. Jim began to massage my tits through the lacy teddy. We broke the kiss and I said trembling, "Make love to me, baby. I want you inside me so badly. I want you to stay inside me all day. I don't want to leave your side." We moved into the spoon position. I unsnapped the crotch of the teddy and Jim slipped his cock into my pussy from behind. For the next hour we stayed in that position moving very slowly. Very little energy was expended. We simply enjoyed the feeling of lying together with his cock in my body. I told my husband that I wanted to taste his cum. Surprised, he said, "I thought that was something that you only did for other men?" Again, I realized how badly I had hurt Jim. I said, "Baby, now more than ever I want to taste your cum. I'm sorry you weren't my first. I was stubborn and foolish. From now on nothing is off limits to you my love." Jim began to pump me harder. It didn't take long. I knew that Jim had wanted to cum in my mouth for a long time. The thought of now doing so with my blessing put him over the edge. "I'm about to shoot," was all he said. I pulled away from him and rolled over taking his cock into my mouth. He filled my mouth right away with his wonderful sperm. I knew at that moment that I was the luckiest woman in the world for my loving husband's cum tasted the best of any that I had ever had. I continued to suck my husband until he was hard again. He asked me where I had purchased the teddy. I said, "I will tell you but I want that cock of yours in my pussy again." I got on my back and Jim mounted my missionary style. Again we slowly made love as I told him the story of my night out. When I had finished, we fell asleep with Jim's cock lodged in my pussy. I finally woke at about noon with the wonderful feeling of my husbands cock moving in and out of my pussy. Jim kissed me when he noticed that I was awake. He had a furious lust in his eyes. He began to pound me hard. This was not love making. This was pure old fashioned fucking. It felt great. Jim gave me a wonderful orgasm and kept on going. He was possessed. I finally realized that he was showing me that he could give it to me good and hard like I'd had the night before. And he did. Three orgasms later he finally pulled out of me and sprayed my face and tits with a generous load of that tasty cum of his. He collapsed on top of me his sweat dripping from his body onto mine. I loved it. We spent the rest of the day making love and fucking. We didn't even go out for food. We had a lot of catching up to do. We resolved that we would make love every day at least once and if we were apart then we would find another partner to fuck. And so it's been ever since that day.[ Last edited by cqsyl on 2004-2-29 at 01:46 PM ]